User stories: 
As a player, I want to be able to choose from different characters so that I can customise my experience and feel more engaged with the game.
As a player, I want to be able to see upcoming platforms in a small window so that I can plan my jumps and use the right platform to reach higher scores.
As a player, I want to be able to unlock new characters at certain benchmarks so that I feel rewarded for my progress and have more variety in the game.
As a player, I want to be able to compete with other players and see my score on a leaderboard so that I can feel motivated to improve and beat my own record.
As a player, I want to be able to enjoy a fun and challenging game that is easy to understand but hard to master, so that I can have a satisfying and engaging experience.

(?) As a player, I want to be able to collect coins on different platforms so that I can buy power-ups and items that can help me progress further.
(?) As a player, I want to be able to use a keyboard to move the character so that I have better control and can improve my performance.

Ideation Process for Doodle Jump Game:

Brainstorming: 
We started the ideation process by brainstorming ideas for a fun and engaging mobile game.
We wanted a game that was easy to play, but still provided a challenge for players.
We also wanted the game to have a unique and memorable style.

Research: 
After brainstorming, we researched popular mobile games and analyzed what made them successful.
We identified the key elements that made games like Doodle Jump, Crossy Road and Tetis popular and sought to incorporate similar elements into our game.

Conceptualization: 
Using the information gathered from brainstorming and research, we developed a concept for the Doodle Jump game. We wanted a game 
that involved jumping from platform to platform, collecting coins, and avoiding obstacles.We also decided to include different types 
of platforms with unique effects to add variety to the gameplay.

Prototyping: With the game concept in mind, we created a paper-prototype to test the gameplay mechanics and identify any potential issues.
We used feedback from playtesting from peers, lecturers and teaching assistants to refine the gameplay and make adjustments to the game's design.
Through this process we were able to identify faults with our platform logic that would create issues for our user, and were able to rectify it early on. 
 
Iteration: 
We continued to iterate and refine the game, adding new features and making improvements based on player feedback. We also made sure to keep
the game fun and engaging while maintaining a level of challenge.


