Final two game ideas: 

Game 1: 
Brick Breaker - https://www.coolmathgames.com/0-brick-breaker 
Cited from - https://www.getready.io/c002brickbreaker 

" In this game, the player moves a PADDLE from side-to-side to hit a BALL. 
The game’s objective is to eliminate all of the BRICKS at the top of the screen by hitting them with the BALL. 
But, if the ball hits the bottom ENCLOSURE, the player loses and the game ends.
To win the game, all the BRICKS must be eliminated." 

The twist: 
A timer will be added and the player aims to clear the bricks from the screen before the timer ends. 
To make the game novel, we will have bricks of different colours that will trigger a special effect. It could be: 
- A power-up (remove bricks in the surrounding area, add another ball, etc). 
- a consequence (Add more bricks to the screen, make the ball travel faster, reset the board, etc). 


Game 2:
Doodle Jump - https://doodlejump.io 
Cited from : https://doodlejumpsky.fandom.com/wiki/Doodle_Jump_(game)

"Gameplay consists of guiding a four-legged creature known as the "Doodler" up an unending series
of platforms without falling in an attempt to gain a high score. The character is controlled by
tilting the gaming device in the desired direction
Players can get a short boost from various objects, such as propeller hats, jetpacks, rockets, springs or trampolines. 
There are also monsters that the Doodler has to shoot or jump on to eliminate. You can aim your shot by tapping on different
parts of the screen, sending a laser in the direction of your finger. There is no definitive end to the game, but the end for 
each gameplay happens when you fall (by reaching the bottom of the screen), jump into a monster, get sucked into a black hole, 
or abducted by a UFO. " 

The twist: 
- Instead of moving with the arrow keys and/or tilting a device, the player will instead click to add a platform under the character. 
  The platform mechanics will work similarly to the popular Pong game where the middle of the platform will make the character jump in its place,
  and jumping from the edges of the platform will make the character move side-ways. The player can place a platform anywhere on the screen but
  can only generate one platform at a time. 
- To make it novel, we will add achievements that the player can unlock based on their highest score (e.g. characters, power-ups, 
  frequency boost of power-ups?). 
